graduate school is an experience unlike any other. In my opinion, um,
it was one of the hardest things I've ever done in my whole life. Maybe
outside of parenting, Um, you know, if I look back at experiences
that just really pushed me to my absolute absolute limit, graduate
school is definitely in the top two. Um, I probably shed more tears
in graduate school than I have in the rest of my life. On the other
hand, it was one of the best, greatest, most adventurist, packed with
fun times I've also ever experienced My best friends to this day
are people that I met in graduate school. My husband I met in graduate
school. So the relationships that I made in graduate school are ones
that are still sustaining me to this day. The network that I established
in graduate school is still supporting me today, so it was
a really intense experience. It was incredibly stressful at times. There
were many, many days and nights where I was convinced that I was
not gonna make it and that I was going to quit and that I was done.
Um, but in the end, I can definitely say it was one of the best experiences
of my life.